Updating Hidden File detector for SVN (#3471)
zaproxy/zap-extensions: addOns/ascanrulesBeta/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## Unreleased
### Changed

> - Hidden File added some content checking has been added for .svn/entries as well as detection for wc.db

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Hidden File Finder scan rule, content checking has been added for .svn/entries as well as detection for wc.db.
```

    - The URI field will be in encoded form.
  - XPath Injection
    - Added evidence
  - Hidden File

>     - Some content checking has been added for .svn/entries as well as detection for wc.db

Reviewer: It seems like this PR was started from a pretty old base. You might want to revert this, fetch upstream, rebase then re-add the change note in the current "Unreleased" section. (Note: Changes aren't usually two lines, the case you added to here was more of a one off ... have  a look at the entries in the up-to-date file and you'll see what I mean)
